[Docs/Reporting] Have the docs about granular timeout match Cloud docs (#66267)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/reporting-settings.asciidoc

[cols="2*<"]
|===
| `xpack.reporting.capture.timeouts.openUrl`
  | How long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for the
  "Loading..." screen to dismiss, and initial data of the {kib} page to load.
  If the time is exceeded, a screenshot of the page will be captured and the
  report will show warnings. Defaults to `30000` (30 seconds).

| `xpack.reporting.capture.timeouts.waitForElements`
  | How long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for the visualization panels to
  load on the {kib} page. If the time is exceeded, a screenshot of the page will be captured and the
  report will show warnings. Defaults to `30000` (30 seconds).

| `xpack.reporting.capture.timeouts.renderComplete`
  | How long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for each visualization to

>   signal that it is done renderings. If the time is exceeded, a screenshot of the page will be captured and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  signal that it is done rendering. If the time is exceeded, a screenshot of the page will be captured and the
```

[cols="2*<"]
|===
| `xpack.reporting.capture.timeouts.openUrl`

>   | How long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for the "Loading..." screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | Specify the time the Reporting browser should wait before the visualization panels get loaded on the Kibana page.  
```

>   | How long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for the "Loading..." screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | Specify how long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for the "Loading..." screen
```

>   to dismiss, and initial data of the Kibana page to load.  If the time is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to dismiss, and the initial data of the Kibana page to load.  If the time is
```

>   to dismiss, and initial data of the Kibana page to load.  If the time is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the time is
```

>   to dismiss, and initial data of the Kibana page to load.  If the time is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to dismiss and find the initial data for the Kibana page.  If the time is
```

>   exceeded, a screenshot of the page is captured and the report shows warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  exceeded, a page screenshot is captured showing the current state, and the download link shows a warning message.
```

  Defaults to `30000` (30 seconds).

| `xpack.reporting.capture.timeouts.waitForElements`

>   | How long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for the visualization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | Specify the time the Reporting browser should wait before the visualization panels get loaded on the Kibana page.
```

>   | How long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for the visualization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | Specify how long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for all visualization
```

>   panels to load on the Kibana page. If the time is exceeded, a screenshot of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the time is exceeded, a screenshot of
```

>   panels to load on the Kibana page. If the time is exceeded, a screenshot of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  panels to load on the Kibana page. If the time is exceeded, a page screenshot
```

>   the page is captured and the report shows warnings. Defaults to `30000` (30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is captured showing the current state and the download link shows a warning message. Defaults to `30000` (30
```

  seconds).

| `xpack.reporting.capture.timeouts.renderComplete`

>   | How long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for each visualization to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the time the Reporting browser should wait before each visualization completes the fetching and renders the data.
```

>   | How long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for each visualization to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | Specify how long to allow the Reporting browser to wait for all visualizations to
```

>   complete fetching and rendering the data. If the time is exceeded, a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the time is exceeded, a
```

>   complete fetching and rendering the data. If the time is exceeded, a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fetch and render the data. If the time is exceeded, a
```

>   screenshot of the page is captured and the report shows warnings. Defaults to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  page screenshot is captured showing the current state, and the download link shows a warning message. Defaults to
```
